---
title: Daily Note 2024-06-23 / Weekly Wrap Issue No. 2
authors: [ajhalili2006]
date: 2024-06-23
slug: daily-note-20240623
description: What's cooking lately on 2024-06-23, plus a quick catch-up on what happened behind the scenes since 2024-06-10.
categories:
- Weekly Dump
#- School
#- Recap Time Squad
#- Open-source
- Multifandom
- Personal Stuff
- Other Side Projects
#- Actually Autistic Status Update
tags:
- daily note
- weekly wrap
#comments: true
---

# Daily Note 2024-06-23

!!! warning "This is a bit incomplete"
    But working on it as soon as possible, hopefully before Thurday.

Here's a quick summary of what's cooking behind the scenes today, June 23, 2024, alongside what's happened in the past two weeks:

* Pardon the week-long silence on the daily journaling. Just needed a quick recharge as well for warming up Minecraft skills (currently in peaceful mode for a lot of resource gathering sessions).
* Did a cleanup chore with my sister (since we share the bedroom space, which sometimes chaotic when comes to schedules on the study table[^1]) on 06-22.
* Here's what been cooked since last two weeks:
    * Officially brought the Bedrock edition on mobile (formerly known as Pocket Edition) for Android. Chaos at mining ensure, with my first death from falling gravel.[^2]
    * Who thought you want to go deeper into Minecraft lore, via the Legends spinoff? Like literally [watching the full gameplay] for 2-3+ hours[^3].

    <div class="video-wrapper">
      <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mGv9joHumwQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
    </div>

* What I have been listening to ([check today scrobbles](https://www.last.fm/user/ajhalili2006/library?from=2024-06-10&to=2024-06-17)):
    * ....

That's all for now, see you again soon for another daily note. If I miss something today, I may edit this page or just add it for next daily note instead. Take care.

[^1]: Currently planning on getting a new laptop for upgrades or get the screen repaired (\*fingers crossed on shipping costs of the parts itself\*)
[^2]: There is second one, but I didn't count it yet since I pulled the quick restore backup action from world backups as part of my Realms Plus trial.
[^3]: The full video is literally 6+ hours, so I do some skips to speed things up.

[watching the full gameplay]: https://youtu.be/mGv9joHumwQ?si=m6ffNmXgQW__SvtV

